As a person, I like to see C plus plus being used in
interesting places like your camera there,
the vast Roe was, telescopes.
I work in the finance industry just now.
A lot of networking is done in C plus plus.
In the games industry,
most of the graphics and the animation kind of stuff is in C plus plus.
So is most of the animation in Hollywood,
by the way had forgotten about that.
We mentioned cars, there's a lot of C plus plus in cars.
Bmw's C plus plus sharpened,
had one of their cars,
it's C plus plus that controls it.
They use the controls.
In these days the self-driving cars a lot of that work is in C plus plus too.
We are talking about energy.
The iron industry uses it and the wind turbines are using it a lot.
I was at one Denmark many years ago teaching C plus plus,
that some of the people have built the biggest wind turbines in the world.
So one of the things I found really cool about C plus plus is,
whatever you're interested in,
it's a very good way of getting in and
talking to people doing these interesting things and in interesting places.
I guess a lot of the things such as more mundane,
but interesting things are the unusual things is what you've been told about.
The smart watches, the smartphone,
or things like that.